YOUTUBE PLAY: "C64 Longplay - Boulder Dash" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FiEVfa1OK_o
	
ORIGINAL GAMEPLAY REFERENCE from http://codeincomplete.com/projects/boulderdash/help.html
Rockford: 
	Your hero, guide him through the caves, searching for diamonds in order to activate the exit.
Dirt: 
	Rockford can dig through the dirt. 
	Most of the other creatures cannot move through it.
Boulder: 
	A big rock which can easily block your way. 
	A boulder falls down when there's empty space beneath it, so watch out when there are boulders above you; you'll lose a life when crushed! 
	It is also possible for Rockford to move boulders by pushing them.
Diamond: 
	Very important! To complete a cave you have to find a certain amount of diamonds.
Wall: 
	Walls can block Rockfords path, fortunately it is possible to blast through them by exploding fireflies or butterflies.
Steel Wall: 
	Also a wall, but an indestructable one.
Magic Wall: 
	This very special wall that converts boulders into diamonds and vice versa. 
	A magic wall can only be activated for a limited time.
Firefly: 
	This is one of your enemies. 
	You'll die when you touch it, but you can also destroy the firefly by dropping a boulder on it. 
	All the elements surrounding the firefly (except a steel wall) will be destroyed as well. 
	You can use this to blast through a brick wall. Fireflies move in a predictable clockwise pattern along the border of empty spaces.
Butterfly: 
	The other enemy. 
	Like the firefly, the butterfly is deadly to the touch. 
	The most important difference is that the butterfly turns to diamonds when destroyed! 
	Butterflies move counterclockwise along the border of empty spaces.
Amoeba: 
	A slimy mass, which will grow and grow. 
	It will turn into boulders when it grows too large, but if you enclose the amoeba by boulders or walls, then it will turn into diamonds. 
	Fireflies and butterflies are immediately destroyed when touching the amoeba.
Exit: 
	This exit will be revealed when you have collected the required number of diamonds. 
	Now you can enter it and you are transported to the next cave, after getting some bonus points.
